Install guide (#141)
flanksource/config-db: README.md

**config-db** is developer first, JSON based configuration management database (CMDB).

## Principles

* **JSON Based** - Configuration is stored in JSON, with changes recorded as JSON patches that enables highly structured search.
* **SPAM Free** - Not all configuration data is useful, and overly verbose change histories are difficult to navigate.
* **GitOps Ready** - Configuration should be stored in Git, config-db enables the extraction of configuration out of Git repositories with branch/environment awareness.
* **Topology Aware** - Configuration can often have an inheritance or override hierarchy.

## Capabilities

* View and search change history in any dimension (node, zone, environment, application, technology)
* Compare and diff configuration across environments.

## Quick Start

> Before installing the Canary Checker, please ensure you have the [prerequisites installed](docs/prereqs.md) on your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing config-db please ensure you have the [prerequisites installed](docs/prereqs.md) on your Kubernetes cluster.
```

The recommded method for installing Canary Checker is using [helm](https://helm.sh/)

### Install Helm

The following steps will install the latest version of helm

```bash
curl -fsSL -o get_helm.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/helm/helm/main/scripts/get-helm-3
chmod 700 get_helm.sh
./get_helm.sh
```

### Add the Flanksource helm repository

```bash
helm repo add flanksource https://flanksource.github.io/charts
helm repo update
```

### Configurable fields

See the [values file](chart/values.yaml) for the full list of configurable fields.  Mandatory configuration values are for the configuration of the database, and it is recommended to also configure the UI ingress.

#### DB

ConfigDB requires a Postgres server to function.  A basic postgres server can be installed by the helm chart.

#### Chart-managed Server

> 

Reviewer: Check table formatting
